# Why
In the spirit of Warren Buffett & Charlie Munger I also plan on writing an
annual investment letter detailing my investment strategy & results. As someone
that enjoys teaching myself how to become a value investor I hope this file
saves you some time & provides extremely practically useful information.

# How
All of my latest investment strategies that I'm open to sharing publicly will be
shared here & only here. I will periodically update this `README.md` file.

All questions directed to me can be asked by creating an issue in this public
repo.

# What

I'm officially starting this at spacetime = `10/23 + 2021 + ~13.8*10^9?` in
Amarillo, Texas, USA.

I will be comparing my total investment results versus the general market by
comparing it to the Vanguard S&P 500 ETF stock ticker = `VOO` & Warren &
Charlie's Berkshire Hathaway stock ticker = `BRK.A`.

## 10/23 + 2021 + ~13.8*10^9? to 1 year later

### actively invested portfolio value & results
To be updated after 10/23 + 2022 + ~13.8*10^9?

`Q's investments` =

`VOO` =

`BRK.A` =

### Strategy from 10/23 + 2021 + ~13.8*10^9? to 1 year later
I find value investing extremely fascinating because it requires one to predict
which company of humans will improve net cash flows in the future using a
sustainable strategy & thus become 1 component of many that logically increases
the company's stock price per share.

However, I've noticed it is often easier to solve this prediction problem in
reverse as often it is extremely obvious with close to but never 100%
probability you can predict which companies will lose net cash flows in the
future using an unsustainable strategy. Then the wise behavior is to avoid
these companies & keep avoiding these companies.

Other times it is too complicated or outside of my current competence to
predict a companies future.

At it's core I find predicting the future an extremely difficult problem if
your in a spacetime that your neocortex has a low detail model of. But as you
keep learning & staying within your competences your model of how reality works
becomes closer to reality as long as you are taking care of your body's health.

How does one improve your body's ability to predict the future more accurately?

~ Wang-Zhao-Liu Q 28738996683908374
